Terms of Use/End User License Agreement

Upon downloading and/or installation this font the user is bound to abide the Free Font Terms of Use/Free Font End User License Agreement (TOU/EULA) defined below.  This agreement pertains to you/the user and the licensing rights acquired with this download. These rights are specific to free download and usage of this font, i.e. a personal use License agreement.

-----------------------------------------------
Terms of Use
End User License Agreement:
-----------------------------------------------   

1. This font is free for personal use only.  *Personal Use does not constitute Public Domain.*

2. Items containing this font to be sold for financial gain/and or profit are not permitted without a Commercial License.  This includes, but not limited to, @font-face embedding, computer applications and games, installable interactive books, software, ebooks, mobile applications and games, product creation websites, electronic banners, logos, facebook templates, website template distribution, website templates, and other electronic media.

2. The distribution of this font for financial gain and/or profit is not permitted under any circumstances and is strictly prohibited. Do not add this font to a font CD or compilation and/or archive that is to be sold for a profit. 

3. Commercial use is available pending contact with the owner/creator.  A donation may be required.  Please email jeff_bensch@yahoo.com for details and to obtain a Commercial Font End User License Agreement (CF-EULA).

4. This font file must be kept intact as downloaded. Under no circumstances may this font file itself be edited, altered, or modified at any time or in any measure. This prohibits and indcludes but is not limited to, renaming this font file, as well as the creation of so-called "new" and/or derivitave fonts from this font file or any other possible digital representations.

5. Redistribution of this font is permitted only if this EULA is, as well as the font file itself, kept intact as is, and it is offered free of charge, 
no fee is implemented upon the aquistition of this font. If you plan to redistribute this font, please contact jeff_bensch@yahoo.com for details. 

6. Upon downloading this font, the user accepts all liability and sole responsibility for the font file and any accompanying files therein. Jeff Bensch (jbensch.deviantart.com) is not responsible or liable for any damages, loss or other consequences incurred as a result of downloading this font, or otherwise relating or associated with the download. 

Commercial Licenses are available - please contact jeff_bensch@yahoo.com for more information.